Adds Support to `datetime.timedelta` , `astropy.units.Quantity` in `sunpy.time.TimeRange.shift` (#7931)
sunpy/sunpy: changelog/7931.bugfix.rst

> :meth:`sunpy.time.TimeRange.shift` now adjusts the TimeRange to start or end at the nearest bound of the timeseries if the input timerange is out of bound.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed a time-ordering bug in :meth:`sunpy.time.TimeRange.shift` when the shifted start time is later than than the shifted end time.
```
